editorial 22.09 (#98)
jbossorg/jbossorg.github.io: src/content/posts/weekly-2022-09-22.adoc

= This Week in JBoss - 22 September 2022
Romain Pelisse
2022-09-22
:tags: quarkus,resteasy,kie,keycloak,wildfly

_Hi everyone and welcome to the latest installment of JBoss editorial! Today's stars of the show: Quarkus and KIE (Kogito/Drools)_

== Quarkus

Quarkus is quite busy this month! Just yesterday, the project released link:https://quarkus.io/blog/quarkus-2-12-3-final-released/[Quarkus 2.12.3.Final], the third round of bugfixes and performance enhance of for the 2.12, which we mentioned in our previous editorial. But that not all, its tooling also got some love by the release of link:https://quarkus.io/blog/intellij-quarkus-tools-1.13.0/[Quarkus Tools for IntelliJ 1.13.0 released!].

> Beyond the publication of new sofware and bugfixes, James Cobb also took the time to publish the 24th installment of the link:https://quarkus.io/newsletter/24/[Quarkus Newsletter], a must-read for anyone who wants to follow or play with Quarkus! And to this point, an interesting new player has join the project's community: link:https://quarkus.io/blog/aphp-user-story/[Quarkus adoption by APHP (Assistance Publique des Hôpitaux de Paris)]!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond the publication of new software and bugfixes, James Cobb also took the time to publish the 24th installment of the link:https://quarkus.io/newsletter/24/[Quarkus Newsletter], a must-read for anyone who wants to follow or play with Quarkus! And to this point, an interesting new player has joined the project's community: link:https://quarkus.io/blog/aphp-user-story/[Quarkus adoption by APHP (Assistance Publique des Hôpitaux de Paris)]!
```
